**How it was designed**

    The design for this project took a bit of figuring out at first. Using the slots
made the code appear to get extremely messy and disorderly. Trying to use a bunch of if/
else if/else statements became confusing and annoying, and it would not always work for
what I would attmept to do. As a result, it became much easier to just simply use comments 
in the code and then use intents. Each intent was assigned the choice number. The main
issue at first was that the intents were not recognizing the choice that a user would
make. Therefore, the code would endlessly repeat and choose the first option that had
the number. This made it difficult to use if statements and slots. As a result,
intents were used, and each choice was given a number. This resulted in 70 different 
choices in the game that a user can make. The user only has to say what number
they want for their choice.
    When it came to mini games and making the game have more than simple scripted work,
functions were made that would create a random number and be implemented into the game
to create a risk factor in the game. It makes sure that every playthrough in some
pathways have a chance at being different. These random choices were done with if
statements inside of their intent. In addition to these functions, there are end game functions.
At some points, it becomes clear that only one choice will move you forward,
while the other will cause the same thing to happen. To prevent the redundancy in
code, functions were made that say one thing. This allows for the game to have choices
that result in the same ending, even though they are not in the same set of choices.
    Finally, the game was designed straight from the beginning to be fun. It was 
not meant to be a useful tool. It instead allows the user to learn how to communicate
with their Alexa, and also becomes a great time killer. Considering there are 70 different
choices with some being random, it ensures that the user will not be bored and 
have something fun to do with their Alexa, other than googling or shopping.